1
True
Prospective Sponsorship Opportunity
Hi $0$!

My name is Michael, and I am a founder of Enginuity Tech, and we are a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization pursuing education in STEM and computer science, and we are hosting a hackathon called Hippo Hack. Hosted in Massachusetts for students in grades 6-12, Hippo Hack, an in-person hackathon completely free for our competitors, will be among the largest hackathons in New England. I am wondering if you are interested in sponsoring and/or mentoring for our hackathon. Hippo Hack is a hackathon dedicated to our participants and their future. Lately, the tech industry has skyrocketed in development. The education in pre-secondary schools, however, for the vast field of tech and tech-related fields, such as computer science, information technology, data science, and so on, is very limited and low-level despite its growing prevalence in our lives today.

We at Enginuity are aiming to alter the trajectory of these issues, one way of which is running Hippo Hack! Students will work in groups and employ their creativity to create a one-of-a-kind project with a basis of having a positive impact on society. Hippo Hack is assisting the next generation of not only programmers, but entrepreneurs, innovators, and leaders. Hippo Hack adds an opportunity for students to enlarge their skills, show off their talents, and meet some new people along the way, helping foster this new and prosperous generation in tech!

As I approach my senior year of high school, I reflect back on all of my years and have come to realize the lack of computer science education even in my school ranked top 20 in all of Massachusetts. Rather than waiting around for high school to get started exploring computer science, I was proactive; I learned Scratch, HTML and JavaScript utilizing a book and resources online, creating many dorky games and sites. I continued to explore and develop my skills, embarking on many projects, learning many new programming languages, and even making my own website! My journey in computer science so far has been fueled by resources I had to personally go digging for, often taking a lot of time and energy away from actual learning. But it never had to be like this.

I want to start this revolution in computer science education, and I am kickstarting this mission with the creation of Hippo Hack! Computer science education should be accessible; I want students to not have to go down complicated winding paths or struggle for hours reading professional documentation just to learn more about something they are interested in.

Without your support, <b>we may lose out on the next great innovators of our generation who simply had never discovered the world of tech at all</b>.

Your help would be greatly appreciated and it will contribute to the education of a new generation in one of today’s most prevalent fields of study. If you are interested, let’s have a quick chat! Feel free to contact me via this email so we can schedule a quick 15 minute meeting or phone call so we can talk about my goals for Hippo Hack and more about our possible plans. For additional details regarding sponsorship, see the attached prospectus. Additionally, you can find our website at hippohack.org!

Sincerely,
Michael Zhang
Email (preferred): work - enginuitytech@gmail.com | personal - mzhang0213@gmail.com
Phone: (978) 245-6142 or (774) 414-7686
